hello what's going on guys welcome back
for another show today I'm going to show
you a fantasy film the flee a story of
the tale of tales in a remote Kingdom
where the princess is playing music with
an instrument entertaining her father
King and the courtiers but at that
moment the king becomes fascinated by a
flea which seems to be adaptive to the
human beings and knows well how to
police the king after the music showed
done seemingly without any interest in
the music the king hurries to his place
with a flea feeding the flea with blood
from his finger he then keeps the flea
in a gift box as a pet that he seemingly
never want to let go away from his sight
while the princess is under the age
longing for love she's touched by the
love stories the King finds the flea
grows astonishingly fast under his care
he then prepares the toy coach for the
flea who carries the coach around and
intrigues the King greatly some day
following at a dining time the princess
tells the king she wants to get married
and lives an interesting life outside
the castle while the King shows no
interest in her topic he would rather
end this topic as soon as possible and
goes back to take good care of his flee
he feeds the fleet with a half cooked
steak covered with blood with so much
care the flea grows up to be as super
gigantic as it can however someday later
the King calls in the royal doctor in a
hurry to the doctors misunderstandings
he has just brought here not to care for
the king but rather care for a dying
flea the doctor feels astonished at
sight of such a giant monster he has to
follow orders from his king to give some
medical care on the fleet even though he
gets no experience in caring animals
despite of the doctors efforts the flea
dies away which sorrows the king deeply
some days later the King offers to find
a husband for the princess and promises
the princess can leave the castle with
her husband but the king further
mentions that her husband should only be
picked out by some kind of test which
worries the princess a little bit
because she might hit some guy she
really doesn't love soon comes the test
day when guys are required to guess what
beast the skin was taken from several
guys failed to test there comes a young
handsome man who catches the princes
heart at her first sight without any
luck the young man also fails the test
although the princess I begged the King
to make her ideal man pass the test the
king rather fails the man just for
keeping the game on during the
frustration of the princess an ugly
giant shows up for the test to
everyone's surprise he's then allowed to
join the test and name a fair play for
the game but it ends up the ugly giant
correctly identifies the skin by smell
whose result horrifies the king and the
princess the princess cries to run away
and want to end her life from top of the
castle the King hurries to stop her
telling her that he thought nobody would
make the right guess and that he cannot
go back on his word as a king
although the princess blames her father
for his selfishness she chooses to
follow the King's order and leaves the
castle under fear and desperation with
the chosen husband going through the
wild woods and abrupt cliffs they
finally reached the living cave where
there's full of human skeletons the
princess feels frightened up and want to
stay alone beside the cliff but she's
then raped and kept prisoner by the ugly
giant later someday the princess is
attention by some human voice coming in
from outside she climbs up to the top
and cries for help from a woman begging
the woman to take her out when the ugly
giant is out for hunting the alone woman
promises to save her later with help of
her family
the next day morning while the ugly
giant is cleaning the animal skin the
princess sneaks out and sees the woman's
family coming for help the woman's son
want to carry the princess to the other
side of the mountain by use of a tight
rope right at that moment the ugly giant
seems to be where something he rushes
out and want to catch the princess back
but fortunately the son cuts off the
rope right before they get caught which
makes the ugly giant drop down to the
bottom
the princess is saved finally to the
circus family where they get few time to
enjoy the joy before they're attacked by
the ugly giant who survived through the
fall down the ugly giant goes on rampage
and kills the whole family for revenge
only the princess could seek the mere
chance to escape out of the massacre but
she soon followed up by the angry ugly
giant she's then chased a dead-end
corner
the ugly giant want to choke her to
death but he hesitates as his anger dies
down he's then mollified by softness and
weakness of the princess after peace
down the ugly giant tries to carry the
princess back to the cave who takes mere
chance and slits his throat to death
with the ugly Giants head in her hand
the princess manages to find her way
back to the castle where she shows up
before the crowd with her face and blood
and eyes numb and dead the aging King
falls down to his knees crying it and
begging for forgiveness from his
daughter the next day the princess is
crowned as the king at a grant
coronation ceremony where a tightrope
show is also invited for her celebration
which is used instead as her memory of
the sacrifice Circus family who saved
her out from the ugly giant this is
Daniel CC movie review bye